# Address-Reader
Purpose: In Indonesia, we have issue with address being inputed in different order, it can come with city and zipcode first and then the street name and number, Street number first, or missing information like no zipcode, city or street. With the lack of information in some aspect, this would cause some user data to be incomplete thus creating customer data and presentation using those information would be incomplete.

Description: This program would extract the address and zip code from the data base. So you would take the database with the columns of the address and extract out the city name from the address and the zip code. The zip code would then be cross referenced against a zip code database with what that specific zip code represent and what city it represent. Afterwards it would export it towards a new excel file.

Important: You would need to make sure that you have the excel file with the database and the zipcode.xlsx file to cross reference the zip code. You can add columns to compare in new clean column and remove it with the other remove.

Program Flow:
This program would read an excel file with the customers address and identification number then extracting the city and zip code from the line of address. Both zip code and city is taken from the address line but the zip code later on would be cross reference with the zipcode.xlsx file providing the zip code with a matching province, city/kabupaten, city/kabupaten name, district and village. This would read the excel file that wants to be run through the program and is stored in data. Allzip would be the file to cross reference the zip code in the address column with the zip code of Indonesia. Then “ClientAddr" where the addresses are stored would be turn to all uppercase to prevent capitalization problem. Then in allzip, postal code and index would be drop.

In data, the blank spaces in ClientAddr are filled with 0, then replace all symbols like . and / with space so splitting it word by would would be easy. Renamed postal code with Zip for future merge. For loop would go through the divided address and check if a zip code is present, and if it is, then it would be stored in lst. Reset index would bring up the column index, and changing the column 'index' turning it to string. lst is stored in a data frame and header name are changed for future merge. Then duplicates for both index and zip are drop and data and df are merge while filling the cases of address with no zip code with 00000. df_temp now would be compared towards the list 'citylist' to check if the city in city list is located in df_temp ClientAddr, if it is then it would add the city name towards the database. Database would drop index, clean1 and clean2.

Turning 'Zip' for both df_temp and allzip to string type for easier merge. Then it would all be merge to df_temp by the zip. 'No' column in df_temp is now dropped. This would write the data frame towards an excel file titled "Output" 
